1.	Scrolling Home Page (prospective students)–Parallax Sections
a.	Full-width Video/Picture with logo overlay
i.	Anchor nav and link to current students info
ii.	Maybe tagline or mission statement as well
b.	Great Education and Personalized Attention
i.	Top-notch education in the state
1.	Stats? Ask Debnath
ii.	Small classrooms for personalized attention
1.	Professors fight to maintain this
iii.	Professors who are always open to help and challenge students
c.	Small with many opportunities
i.	Software testing lab
ii.	Research Opportunities
iii.	Ties to industry
d.	Course meaning breakdown
i.	Explain choices and program options
ii.	Key coursework and significance
1.	*Be careful with this. General enough so it 
iii.	What you’ll be learning (more than just programming)
e.	Hands-on project focused
i.	You’re not always stuck in a book
1.	We make sure you can get your hands into real projects
ii.	Team-based work to get to know your classmates
1.	And build team skills
2.	Not as common at larger universities
f.	Stepping stone into the industry
i.	Employers are impressed with our preparedness (Quotes? - Debath or Dr. C?)
ii.	Internship programs with ties to the field
iii.	Prepared from the concepts learned as well as the teamwork experience
iv.	Alumni quotes (Sue or Mary)
g.	Call to Action
i.	Check out courses (link to catalog)
ii.	Schedule visit (link)
iii.	Contact department (Chair contact info?)
iv.	Apply today (link)
h.	General Notes
i.	Link to relevant pages to back up claims
1.	Research opportunities/prpjects
2.	Intern Program
a.	Careful, if it’s empty, it won’t look good)
3.	Software Lab
4.	Catalog
2.	Current Students
a.	Landing Page
i.	Current news
ii.	CS club link
iii.	Links clearly marked with easy navigation
b.	Staff
i.	Office hours, staff site, email, pictures, info, etc.
ii.	Link to each staff’s site
iii.	Set info to expire (office hours)
c.	Projects and Research
i.	Brief info on how to get involved with research or projects
ii.	Spotlight for student projects
1.	Set to expire after certain amount of time
2.	Maybe have section of certain ones that can stay. The “headliners”
d.	Tutoring
i.	Similar to staff page (same template and scripting transferred over?)
e.	Software lab
i.	Enough info for its own page
ii.	I don’t know much about this. Any help?
f.	Jobs/Grad Prep
i.	Think of alternate names (Professional Resources/Development)
ii.	Where to look for jobs
iii.	Internships and job posting
iv.	Quotes and success stories
v.	Tips for graduation/job searching
3.	Questions to Answer
a.	For landing page navigation, should we have
i.	Anchor nav and current students button, or
ii.	Anchor nav with main nav (all current student pages)
1.	Students may want to jump to certain page vs 2 clicks to get there
2.	However, they’d jump over the current students landing page and miss the news feed updates
iii.	We may have to make some mockups and see what we think/weigh pros and cons
